docs: use correct example for `useBell` with a specific store (#73)
magicbell-io/magicbell-js: .changeset/clean-tigers-destroy.md

---
'@magicbell/react-headless': patch
---

> Fix type annotation for `useBell` arguments to accept an object instead of string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix example of in docs for `useBell`, to provide `storeId` via an options object.
```

> The documentation example for useBell was throwing a type error when implementing. Looking at the source code, it should pass an object with key storeId, instead of straight up giving the string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix type annotation for `useBell` arguments to accept an object instead of string.
```
